hi I'm Timmy and I'm here to give you
the scoop on citizen canine from the
view that matters most a dog view the
first thing I noticed there's so many
people everywhere I turn there's another
human ready to feed me clean up after me
and scratch my butt I love that I get
the personal attention I know I deserve
there's even a person that stays
overnight with us something about
needing thumbs in case of an emergency
I'm not sure what that means but it
makes me feel safer knowing I'm never
alone playtime here is the greatest I'm
always meeting new characters check out
this yard I get to come out here four
times a day the staff handpicks pals for
me so we're all the same size and energy
level and that's perfect because I'm
afraid of little dogs I mean what's this
guy's problem hahaha it's also great
there are only eight to ten dogs in my
group it's just big enough so that I can
always find a best friend or two and
small enough for me to get plenty of
individual attention when that time
comes I get my own private room fully
furnished with all a canine could want
and I can bring my favorite things from
home too and no I'm not too old to sleep
with a monkey in a stuffed ladybug did I
mention the room service here they make
my food just the way i like it and bring
it to me in my room that way no one else
gets my meal and I can have whatever I
want well whatever my family says I can
have I usually bring my own food from
home but once when my family forgot to
pack my food I got to eat the tasty and
nutritious food citizen canine keeps on
hand I take some medication every day
and that's included to everyone here
seems to know just how to make every
guest happy and comfortable it's because
they're committed to dog friendly
handling and training techniques and
realized that every dog is special did
you know the training program for new
staff takes over 100 hours to complete
and that's not even the end of it
they're always doing what they call
continuing education my training class
was only six hours maybe I need some
continuing education but I don't think
so
well I've gotta run I see they're
setting up the pool time for a game of
splash bench because play time is my
favorite time of the day except for a
nap time and meal time oh it doesn't
matter I get plenty of all of those
everyday citizen canine see you there
thanks for showing us around to me now
we'd like to invite even your dog to
come down and experience the citizen
canine difference for yourself we've
been caring for Bay Area canines for
over a decade and we'd be honored to
have you and your dog join our family to
just give us a call or fill out our
online enrollment application we're
looking forward to meeting you and your
dog food